= ActsAsDynamicRoute
====================

This project rocks and uses MIT-LICENSE.

The following code is is inspired by the the following post :
http://codeconnoisseur.org/ramblings/creating-dynamic-routes-at-runtime-in-rails-4

The purpose is to generate dynamic route using your model : For each row of one of your model you will have a route.

This route is generating using a specific field. A biending is automaticaly with the id of the row.

# TODO (idea & co) :
  -> Manage translatable path
  -> Manage adapter
  -> Do not mandatory use active_record to store the routes. Implement for redis, elastic search, simple file...

HOW INSTALL :
---------------------

First you have to install and run the migration :
  rake acts_as_dynamic_route_engine:install:migrations
  rake db:migrate


HOW USE :
---------------------
On your model instance, just have to set the act_as like this :
  acts_as_dynamic_route(:your_field_here, option1: value1, options2: value2)

The options are the same options that you can provide to in your route file and :
  path  : A custom path as string for your page. This page have to include the token `:your_field_here`
  scope : A scope of your model. This let you choose whitch row of your model data can generate a route.


EXEMPLES :
---------------------

class AmazingModel < ActiveRecord::Base

  attr_accessible :field, field2, field3, field4

  # Give to the dynamic route the parameter of a classical get, post, delete method.
  acts_as_dynamic_route(:field,   path: '/amazing_model/:field',  controller: 'amazing_model', action: 'show')
  acts_as_dynamic_route(:field2,  controller: 'amazing_model',    action: 'show')
  acts_as_dynamic_route(:field3,  to: 'amazing_model#show')

  # If you want to generate routes only for some value of your model, you can pass a scope to the dynamic route
  acts_as_dynamic_route(:field4,  to: 'amazing_model#show', scope: :static)

  scope :static, where("kind != (?)", :custom)
  # Documenter le management de contrainte
end

FAQ :
---------------------
